ailuropoda_melanoleuca     panda
anolis_carolinensis        anole_lizard
bos_taurus                 cow
callithrix_jacchus         marmoset
canis_familiaris           dog
cavia_porcellus     	   guinea_pig
choloepus_hoffmanni        sloth
danio_rerio                zebrafish
dasypus_novemcinctus       armadillo
dipodomys_ordii            kangaroo_rat
echinops_telfairi          madagascar_hedgehog
equus_caballus             horse
erinaceus_europaeus        european_hedgehog
felis_catus                cat
gadus_morhua               cod
gallus_gallus              chicken
gasterosteus_aculeatus     stickleback
gorilla_gorilla            gorilla
homo_sapiens   		   human
ictidomys_tridecemlineatus   squirrel
latimeria_chalumnae       coelacanth
loxodonta_africana        elephant
macaca_mulatta            macaque 
macropus_eugenii         wallaby
meleagris_gallopavo     turkey
microcebus_murinus       lemur
monodelphis_domestica     opossum
mus_musculus               mouse
mustela_putorius_furo      ferret
myotis_lucifugus           bat
nomascus_leucogenys       gibbon
ochotona_princeps           pika
oreochromis_niloticus      tilapia
ornithorhynchus_anatinus     platypus
oryctolagus_cuniculus     rabbit
oryzias_latipes            medaka
otolemur_garnettii      galago_lemur
pan_troglodytes           chimpanzee
pelodiscus_sinensis      turtle
petromyzon_marinus      lamprey
pongo_abelii             orangutan
procavia_capensis        hyrax
pteropus_vampyrus         flying_fox
rattus_norvegicus       rat
sarcophilus_harrisii     tasmanian_devil
sorex_araneus          european_shrew
sus_scrofa               pig
taeniopygia_guttata     zebra_finch
takifugu_rubripes      fugu
tarsius_syrichta          tarsier
tetraodon_nigroviridis   pufferfish
tupaia_belangeri      tree_shrew
tursiops_truncatus       dolphin
vicugna_pacos           alpaca
xenopus_tropicalis      xenopus
xiphophorus_maculatus   platyfish
